Improved doc of `execution-pipline.md` by correcting and rephrasing (#497)
fsprojects/FSharp.Data.GraphQL: docs/execution-pipeline.md

During execution phase, we perform a traversal of the execution plan tree; create execution context objects for each of the fields and supply them along with data resolved from previous higher level resolver responses recursively.

A field resolution context contains metadata such as:

- Information about the execution of the schema itself;
- Variables provided with the request;
- Field parameters (in case the corresponding field defined any arguments);
- Type definition of both parent and expected return type;
- `ExecutionInfo` which is a fragment of the execution plan itself related to the current field and all of its subsequent fields.

The execution phase can be performed using one of the two strategies:

- **Parallel**: in which asynchronous fields can be resolved in any order. This is the default mode for GraphQL queries due to the fact that they are readonly operations.
- **Sequential**: in which asynchronous fields must be resolved in a specific order: as it was defined in the query. This is default mode for GraphQL mutations.

> The result of a GraphQL query execution is a dictionary with resolved values. This dictionary contains the following fields:

Reviewer: Actually, now it is a `GQLResponse` object
``` F#
type GQLResponse =
    { DocumentId: int
      Data : Output Skippable
      Errors : GQLProblemDetails list Skippable }
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of a GraphQL query execution is a `GQLResponse` object with the following fields:
```

> - `documentId`: which is the hash code of the query's AST document - it can be used to implement execution plan caching (persistent queries).
> - `data`: with a formated GraphQL response matching the requested query.
> - `errors`: optional. If it has been provided, it will contain a list of errors that occured during query execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `documentId`: which is the hash code of the query's AST document - it can be used to implement execution plan caching (persistent queries).
- `data`: optional, a formatted GraphQL response matching the requested query (`KeyValuePair seq`). Absent in case of an error that does not allow continuing processing and returning any GraphQL results.
- `errors`: optional, contains a list of errors (`GQLProblemDetails`) that occurred during query execution.
```
